Add SAR swath information (#18)
stac-extensions/sar: README.md

**Important:** In the `properties` of a STAC Item `sar:polarizations` must be a set with unique elements. 
In assets `sar:polarizations` can contain duplicate elements and, if possible, the polarizations must appear in the same order as in the file.

### Beam Object

The beam object is used to describe the swath of the SAR acquisition.
According to the instrument mode defined in `sar:instrument_mode`, the `sar:swath` is composed of one or more beams.

| Field Name     | Type                  | Description                                                                            |
| -------------- | --------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| id             | string                | **REQUIRED.** The unique identifier of the beam. It can be the subswath identifier     |
| relative_burst | number                | Identification number that uniquely identifies a burst cycle within each repeat cycle. |
| polarizations  | \[string]             | Any combination of polarizations.                                                      |

> | view:*         | View extension fields | Additional fields from the [View extension](https://github.com/stac-extensions/view)   |

Reviewer: I think in other extensions we just added text for such cases. The Type is also not quite a type... ;-)

```suggestion

It is recommended to enrich the Beam Object fields with fields from the [View extension](https://github.com/stac-extensions/view), e.g. the incidence angle.
```

> \[!NOTE]

> > If the value of a field repeats for all beams, it is recommended to include it only in the first beam.

Reviewer: This is weird to me. I assume the id and relative_burst would never be the same for all beams?
And the view fields and the polarizations should then just be on the upper level, e.g. in the Item properties.

```suggestion
> If the value of a field repeats for all beams, it is recommended to include it only in the parent scope, i.e. usually in the Item Properties.
```

Example of a `sar:swath` field:

```json

> "sar:swath": [
>   {
>     "id": "IW1",
>     "relative_burst": 541,
>     "polarizations": ["VV", "VH"],
>     "view:incident_angle": 32.0
>   },
>   {
>     "id": "IW2",
>     "view:incident_angle": 34.0
>   },
>   {
>     "id": "IW3",
>     "view:incident_angle": 36.0
>   }
> ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"sar:polarizations": ["VV", "VH"],
"sar:swath": [
  {
    "id": "IW1",
    "relative_burst": 541,
    "view:incident_angle": 32.0
  },
  {
    "id": "IW2",
    "view:incident_angle": 34.0
  },
  {
    "id": "IW3",
    "view:incident_angle": 36.0
  }
]
```

Maybe I'm misunderstanding something here, but wouldn't that make more sense?
